Update AL Home to let partners know about the incoming key vault validation (#7986)
microsoft/AL: News.md

# 2025-02-26 Upcoming changes to the process of how we set up app key vaults for AppSource Apps

> We're updating the [process](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) for registering partner tenants to use the key vault feature in their AppSource apps and moving to a fully automated process in the coming month. For this change to work properly we need to make sure that no partners have specified unused `keyVaultUrls` properties in their `app.json` files. The following concequences should be considered starting **1st of April 2025**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're updating the [process](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) for registering the Microsoft Entra tenant ID owning the key vault registered on AppSource apps and moving it to a fully automated process in the coming month. For this change to be effective we encourage partners who have specified the `keyVaultUrls` property in their `app.json` files to verify the value. The following consequences should be considered starting **1st of April 2025**:
```

> We're updating the [process](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) for registering the Microsoft Entra tenant ID owning the key vault specified in AppSource apps and moving it to a fully automated process in the coming month. For this change to be effective we encourage partners who have specified the `keyVaultUrls` property in their `app.json` files to verify the value. The following consequences should be considered starting **1st of April 2025**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're updating the [process](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) for registering the owning Microsoft Entra tenant ID for the key vault specified in AppSource apps and moving it to a fully automated process in the coming month. For this change to be effective we encourage partners who have specified the `keyVaultUrls` property in their `app.json` files to verify the value. The following consequences should be considered starting **1st of April 2025**:
```

> 1. Every AppSource submission with data in the `keyVaultUrls` property in the `app.json` file, will automatically be picked up for registration. If you don't want to register your key vault, please remove it from your `app.json` file before submitting. Any value that cannot be validated will result in a submission failure. For more details follow the guidelines provided in the failure message in Partner Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Every AppSource submission with data in the `app.json`, `keyVaultUrls` property, will automatically be picked up for registration. If you don't want to register your key vault, remove it from your `app.json` file before submitting. Any value that cannot be validated will result in a submission failure. For more details follow the guidelines provided in the failure message in Partner Center.
```

> 2. All Azure KeyVault URLs that are valid will result in registering the Entra ID that these key vaults belong to.

Reviewer: When `keyVaultUrls` has been validated the owning Microsoft Entra tenant ID will be registered with the submission.

> 2. Every AppSource submission that contains apps that already have an Entra Tenant ID registered will not fail even if they don't have a `AllowedBusinessCentralAppIds` special secret in their key vault URL. However, we highly recommend adding the secret by following the description in the [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) to avoid submissions failing in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Any AppSource submission registered using the existing process will not fail, even if they don't have a `AllowedBusinessCentralAppIds` special secret in their key vault URL. However, we highly recommend adding the secret by following the description in the [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) to avoid submissions failing in the future.
```

> 3. All Azure KeyVault URLs that are valid will result in registering the tenant ID that these key vaults belong to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When `keyVaultUrls` has been validated the owning Microsoft Entra tenant ID will be registered with the submission.
```

> 3. Every AppSource submission that contains apps that already have an Entra ID registered will not fail even if they don't have a `AllowedBusinessCentralAppIds` special secret in their key vault URL. However, we highly recommend adding the secret by following the description in the [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) to avoid submissions failing in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Every AppSource submission that contains apps that already have an Microsoft Entra tenant ID registered will not fail even if they don't have a `AllowedBusinessCentralAppIds` special secret in their `keyVaultUrls`. However, we highly recommend adding the secret by following the description in the [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) to avoid submissions failing in the future.
```

> 3. Every AppSource submission that contains apps that already have an Microsoft Entra tenant ID registered will not fail even if they don't have a `AllowedBusinessCentralAppIds` special secret in their `keyVaultUrls`. However, we highly recommend adding the secret by following the description in the [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) to avoid submissions failing in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Every AppSource submission that contains apps that already have an Microsoft Entra tenant ID registered will not fail even if they don't have a `AllowedBusinessCentralAppIds` special secret in their key vaults. However, we highly recommend adding the secret by following the description in the [guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/administration/setup-app-key-vault) to avoid submissions failing in the future.
```

> Note, automatic removal of the Microsoft Entra ID is not supported without reaching out to support in Partner Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, automatic removal of the Microsoft Entra ID registration is not supported without reaching out to support in Partner Center.
```

> Note, automatic removal of the Microsoft Entra ID registration is not supported without reaching out to support in Partner Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, automatic removal of the Microsoft Entra ID registration is not supported without reaching out to support.
```

> Note, that currently the deprecation scenario isn't supported and once the tenant ID is registered to an app, it can't be changed without reaching out to support in Partner Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, automatic removal of the Microsoft Entra ID is not supported without reaching out to support in Partner Center.
```
